full right McDonald's Lapeer and true
can I help you
ah yeah it's desert Fulbright McDonald
left URI and cha-cha-cha
that's what I just said what would
happen I said well never mind what is it
you want nah I'm just asking right yes
yes yes it is
what can I do feel I already don't tell
me in the first place I just want to
focus you know mister this one mister
deceiver Oh God
oh yeah Lamas - dis over I'm afraid he
isn't here right now okay
oh here what do you mean he asked me to
call him this morning and all yes but as
well he's not here
it then funny man he asked me to call
him maybe he did ask you to call you but
he's just not here yeah
so anyone anyone is that his assistant
isn't he related what about you saw
secretary she is not here I don't
anybody in the council forget know one
thing nobody from account is here oh no
they're just not here look why don't you
call back on Monday
what can I get okay Coco is because of
this invoice la I sent a long long time
look I don't handle accounts yet it's
not my department
why don't you call back on Monday look I
don't care what this invoice with guards
is not my department
hey but this is your company why you
know can I just say it not your
department I listen you're getting silly
hey when you're costing me no I didn't
say you hey okay lockira English very
cool I think what young
I'll hang up if you go on like this why
can't you call back on Monday call back
on Monday
hey come on man because this is mr.
tseebo ask me to call him today
and then he's not there yeah play me out
man I tell you what is name is like that
oh you are like deceiver competition go
to me you are my appointment yo company
can I invest either by the idea look if
you really must know everybody in the
office has gone to the funeral and I was
just about to go off myself when you're
bloody call came through Oh everybody go
to the funeral or damn important man is
crisis he might be very jealous not
climate it's mr. D'Silva laughter yes
yeah I can give my voice to your invoice
a man has just died and all you can
think of is your silly little invoice it
is invoices no children is $180 man
people for $25 order this year is
already seven months already know my
boss every week chase me chase me chase
me ask me why did have a pair yeah I
feel better chase you man but you never
give me face only then you call me silly
hey what are you call my whole family
silly man alright then your father's
silly your mother's in your
great-grandmother silly yeah Nia yeah
Nia how Dishman childish what are your
company of doses I'm so shocked
well are you going to take that insult
lying down aren't you going to come and
get me now huh don't be silly man I tell
you I'm not the kind of person who come
and get you now at all I will wait until
I get the money then I'll come and get
you hand what will you do break my legs
stab me pay bills on my door paste a
tree sighs where the copies of bill on
my windscreen you
see baby hey please man this is the kind
of thing that collectors do okay I low
class toggle buggers wear short lines
the first one who cannot speak English
for free like like we all are they are
the one that do that kind of thing but I
don't know him indeed and what do you do
I pay them to drill our collector okay
you'd want to help me you want to pray
for this deceiver fellow that's your own
fear okay today I won't disturb you okay
dawn you all say we don't have Hannah
for the people up right we die of wanna
this cancer is it a I heard a lot of
people nowadays are died of cancer last
Swiger my mother's active and not only
mr. D'Silva died in a car accident last
night
what oh ah yes a car accident along the
p IE he crashed head-on into a malaysian
car Hey he was driving his one car WA Oh
sexy or what oh no this is Oh Tom don't
minor you know he's kind of you know
nice kind of my he's kind of AA
the devil has his car number got to do
with anything
no because you know why we all say it's
kind of thing uh the numbers you cannot
for dinner this is disgraceful have you
no shame
have you no sense of honesty okay you
wanna use it for yourself
in Madera you and I can glue it I bloody
had enough I don't know why I bothered
to listen to you in the first place I
don't know why you rang in the first
place I just realized it's Bloody Sunday
what a nice idea what anyone know I
suppose you work on Sundays as well go
to I notice I don't want your diamonds
and you actually rang to chase por el de
silva for a check of a hundred and
eighty dollars god what after you call
you man off course of course I suppose
you'd still like to get the check
oh cool
now I tell you what Yeah right
this very minute owed two silvers lying
in his coffin in a funeral parlor it's
not too cheap funeral parlor is one of
those really classy jobs with stereo
music and stuff like that such a
high-class place I'm sure they even have
a telephone extension in the coffins
I'll give you two silvers extension
number would you like to call him in his
coffin and ask him about that blasted
invoice before they put him in oven why
did you tell me this earlier so I won't
wish a time what's your number